Why do you let me come to the bookstore?
What does coming here have to do with the restorer?
Lady Protector
Long time no see
What book are you looking for?
I can help find it below.
As long as the handsome guy appears fast enough
Broken love can't catch up with me
Is the handsome guy married?
Would you like to go back to Huo Guofu with me?
Sorry ma'am
I already have someone I like.
There are so many handsome guys in the world
Give me one. What's wrong?
Never mind.
Excuse me.
Have you ever heard of the exquisite sword?
I heard that the Lady Protector is frustrated
Why are you interested in Linglong Sword?
Did you remember something?
I heard the rivers and lakes are looking for this
Curious, I see.
The Linglong Sword is the Herbal God Scroll of Tianji Palace
What does he do?
Madam Protector really doesn't know
I should have known.
That's him!